c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Evermore.exe
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Evermore.pdb
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.g.resources
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.exe
c:\users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.pdb
C:\Users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.baml
C:\Users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
C:\Users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\test.baml
C:\Users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\test.g.cs
C:\Users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\SearchPage.baml
C:\Users\vikesh\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\SearchPage.g.cs
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.exe
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.pdb
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Evermore.exe
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Evermore.pdb
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\SearchPage.baml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\test.baml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.baml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\SearchPage.g.cs
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\test.g.cs
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.g.resources
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WatchPage.baml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WatchPage.g.cs
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.exe
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.pdb
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\SearchPage.baml
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\test.baml
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WatchPage.baml
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\SearchPage.g.cs
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\test.g.cs
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WatchPage.g.cs
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Evermore.exe
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Evermore.pdb
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\WelcomePage.baml
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.g.resources
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\Evermore.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
D:\vikesh\personal\evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\ToastWindow.baml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\ToastWindow.g.cs
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\ErrorDialog.baml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\ErrorDialog.g.cs
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\bin\Debug\Evermore.exe.config
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\SettingsWindow.baml
C:\Vikesh\Development\Evermore\Evermore\obj\x86\Debug\SettingsWindow.g.cs
